---
address: University Park, Pennsylvania, United States
---

March 2021 Holly A. Zaharchuk   ·   Curriculum vitae

# Research interests

My research interests lie at the intersection of cognitive psychology
and sociolinguistics. I investigate and challenge the boundaries between
dialects and languages with EEG, behavioral methods, and field work. My
particular areas of study include syntactic variation, code-switching,
and network models of language.

# Education

# Honors and awards

# Publications

::: {#refs_main}
:::

[]{#ref-1} Lucero, C., **Zaharchuk, H.**, & Casasanto, D. (2014). Beat
gestures facilitate speech production. In P. Bello, M. Guarini, M.
McShane, & B. Scassellati (Eds.), *Proceedings of the 36th Annual
Meeting of the Cognitive Science Society*. Red Hook, NY: Curran
Associates.

# Presentations

::: {#refs_present}
:::

[]{#ref-3} ****Zaharchuk, H.** A.**, Shevlin, A., & Van Hell, J. G.
(2020, May). *We "might could" revisit syntactic processing: Studying
dialectal variation with event-related potentials*. Poster session to be
presented at the 27th Annual Meeting of the Cognitive Neuroscience
Society, Boston, Massachusetts.

[]{#ref-2} ****Zaharchuk, H.** A.**, Shevlin, A., & Van Hell, J. G.
(2019, November). *Auditory comprehension of double versus single modal
constructions in Mainstream American English listeners*. Poster session
presented at the 60th Annual Meeting of the Psychonomic Society,
Montréal, Québec, Canada.

[]{#ref-1} ****Zaharchuk, H.** A.** (2015, June). *Does linguistic
experience change mental representations of pitch?* Poster session
presented at the University of Chicago Undergraduate Research Symposium,
Chicago, Illinois.

# Research experience

# Professional experience

# Teaching experience

# Outreach

# Community service

# Skills

Programming: R, MATLAB, Python, LaTeX, SQL, E-Prime, Praat, ELAN

Languages: English (native proficiency), Spanish (intermediate
proficiency)

# Affiliations

-   Center for Language Science

-   Cognitive Neuroscience Society

-   Psychonomic Society

-   Women in Cognitive Science
